Update metrics (#261)
hstreamdb/docs: docs/en/reference/metrics.md

      <td>Rate of failed append requests received per stream</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="8">subscription_counter</td>
      <td>send_out_bytes</td>
      <td>#</td>
      <td>Number of bytes sent by the server per subscription</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>send_out_records</td>
      <td>#</td>
      <td>Number of records successfully sent by the server per subscription</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>send_out_records_failed</td>
      <td>#</td>

>       <td>Number of records failed sent by the server per subscription</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Number of records failed to send by the server per subscription</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>resend_records</td>
      <td>#</td>
      <td>Number of successfully resent records per subscription</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>resend_records_failed</td>
      <td>#</td>

>       <td>Number of failed resent records per subscription</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Number of records failed to resend per subscription</td>
```
